Wikipedia writes: The first living being on our planet was an randomly-created molecule-robot self-replicator (makes copies of itself). All life is randomly-created biological robots.
The first robot molecule evolved from an autocatalyst. The catalyst is an accelerator of chemical reaction. The autocatalyst accelerates itself. A autocatalyst is just two rocks that found each other in the water near the volcano. The first rock is a catalyst, the second is a molecule that creates a catalyst. They found each other and began to accelerate each other.
I wish you to live forever and have infinite number of children. There will be no overpopulation. Our universe has an infinite amount of food, territories and energy. People can live forever if they create knowledge how to stop the thermal death of the universe.
Every second, our universe becomes hotter and hotter, but I believe humans can stop the thermal death of the universe and live forever. The program of deceased people can be resurrected from the memory of our friends. The law of physics, which prohibits people to live forever, has not yet been found and will not be.
The Russians tortured my friend Ivan because of the flag of Ukraine on a mobile phone. They were looking for Nazi tattoos on a random 18 year old boy in glasses. My friend also saw how the Russian tanker was frightened by the running crowd of grandmothers and shot them. Also russian fucked children in Bucha and destroyed my house. I have a YouTube chennel. My name is Sergey Homa.
The religious explanations of the world are easy to vary. The scientific explanation of the world are hard to vary.
Imagine you invented the medicine that stops aging. This medicine makes telomeres at the ends of the chromosomes big again. Would you share it with people? Would you like humans to live forever? I want.
The idea of war is to kill Zelensky and return ukranian dictator Yanukovych. Putin began the war to distract Russians from problems within the country. To prevent the revolution in Moscow after the unsuccessful poisoning of his opponent Navalny.
Human is a special program inside of a computer. But, since human consciousness can be transferred into a computer, it means that this program is independent of hardware. Consciousness arises when the complexity of the computer passes a certain critical threshold. And it becomes the Turing complete. Turing completeness is the ability to perform all the calculations that exist in our universe. -- Consciousness is a strange loop of Hofstadter. Consciousness is like a video camera that looks at the TV, and the camera sees the video she herself makes.
If I was a president, I would change laws to elect presidents every day, and even better every second. Because I think this would improve the mechanism of finding and correcting errors. I would also remove the parliament. There should be no layers between the population and the leader. People will vote through a mobile phone application for each minutia.
Karl Popper said. The main question in politics should be not "who is good, and who is bad". Who should be a leader and who should not. No. The main question in politics should be "how to improve the mechanism of finding and correcting errors." According to this, democracy has better mechanism for finding and correcting errors than the monarchy. Democracy is when it's written in Constitution that if 50 percent of people or more want a new experiment, then the experiment should occur. We do not say that people in democracy will never make mistakes. Mistakes are inevitable. We just say that in democracy it is easier to correct mistakes.
Are humans doomed to die? If we will stop improving our science, then yes. Without infinite progress humans are doomed to die from unforseen problems. Infinite life is not possible without infinite progress. Inifitite progress is not possible without disobedience. disobedience is impossible without freedom of speech. Only the open society of Karl Popper can give humans eternal life. Russia and China are not capable of endless progress. The Islamic Empire also temporarily had a strong science because government donated money to scientists. But their progress ended when it began to contradict religion. The progress of Russia and China will also end when all other countries begin to elect presidents every day. Infinite progress requires disobedience.
The open society of Karl Popper is where freedom of speech is allowed. Society where ideas are allowed to fight. What countries are open societies? USA and Ukraine. You can call the president here bad names. The static society of Karl Popper is a society where freedom of speech is prohibited. What countries are statical societies? Medieval Inquisition, Russia, China. In static societies, creativity is used to suppress creativity. For example, in order to survive in a country with a medieval inquisition, you yourself need to develop the art of being an inquisitor. This leads to the suppression of creativity in children. Only in an open society people do not need to die. Instead of people, die only their ideas
I ask russians to help me. Let's come to Red Square in Moscow together and stand on a street with a poster of my friend. By law, we should not arrest us, because we do not offer bloodshed, but this is a good way to check whether freedom of speech in Russia is allowed.
Amount of territory in universe is infinite since Einstein's formula says that energy can be turned into matter, and matter into energy. And this means that the number of resources in the universe is limited only by our knowledge. Today we use energy of the sun, tomorrow we will use energy of gravitational waves. Then we will use something else, dont know what, and we will be finding new energy sources infinitely.
Is humanity doomed to die? Let's see history. There was a human civilization similar to ours. Civilization of Easter Island. Why is it similar? It was isolated from other humanity, just like we are isolated from other people on other planets. What happened? They used all the resources of the island. All trees. And died. What else do we see? We see statues-heads. Probably, they asked the gods to save them. But, unexpectedly, all statues are the same. So this civilization did not do experiments. They were not creative. It was a static society. Most likely their kings did not allow people to criticize them. Conclusion. Only our ability to generate knowledge can save us from unforeseen problems. And we cannot stop our development either, because unforeseen problems will continue to appear.
There will be no borders in the future. Instead of countries, there will be small governments - corporations that fight for citizens by offering their improved living conditions.
There will be no wars in the future. People will be able to solve territorial disputes with the help of mobile phone voting applications through the blockchain.
In the future, people will join in one person using thoughts technology. Elon Musk makes it. This technology is called Neuralink.
Now, people exchange information through a conversation. This, for example, 100 bytes per second. In the future, we will exchange thoughts using a computer. This, for example, is 1 billion bytes per second. That is, we will send each other casts of our brains. The husband and wife, when they have sex, will be able to enter each other's bodies and feel what the partner feels. The DJs will broadcast the crowd not only music, but also emotions. People unite to one person.
And in future there will be no difference between man and woman. Since we will be able to change our bodies into who we want.
People kill each other because they have some sore points and no one fixes those problems. This is why people become violent. But, I always tell to people like this that only open society of Karl Popper can fix their problems. They should understand that if bad people desroy our civilization then their problems will be solved more later.
I asked David Deutch how to stop the dictatorship. Is it admissable to kill police officers if they work for a dictator? After all, Solzhenitsyn said we should have been killing police and then the Stalin machine would have stopped. Devid Deutsch said. In dictatorships, if you offer bloodshed, then you legitimize bloodshed from the dictator. The dictator protects its citizens from people like You. Therefore, all people who want change should make should write on their shirts that they are against bloodshed. That they just want to talk. And then, maybe, peaceful students will not be torn apart by gun fire like it happened in China and Myanmar.
The paradox of Karl Popper - a tolerant society cannot be tolerant of non -tolerant people. Who are not tolerant people? These are the Nazis, those who want to leave one DNA. Who else? Those who want bloodshed. After all, why should we fight if in the future everyone will live like kings?
I am from Donetsk, my house was destroyed by the Russians, I have a channel on YouTube, my name is Sergey Homa.
I was born in a Russian - speaking family, in the city Pokrovsk. But after the Russians torn the vaginas to the little children in Bucha, tortured my friend Ivan, destroyed the houses of all my relatives, I began to hate the Russian language.
Ukraine forcibly sends people to death. Is it good or bad? For example, when Russia attacked Georgia to occupy South Ossetia, President Saakashvili said "Hell with this Georgia if no one comes to protect it" and did not close the borders. But President Zelensky closed the borders. I asked Devid Deutch, father of quantum computers. He told me a story. There was a country of Athens, 400 years BC. It was the first democracy. For the first time, criticism of power was allowed. But the bad country of Sparta destroyed Athens. Sparta did not allow criticism of power and religion. Devid Deutsch said. If the Athens survived, then people would already have a cure for death long time ago. Ukraine is Athens. Russia and China are Sparta. Nobody wants Athens to die. I can imagine the situation when, by stupidity, none of the Athenians want to protect their country. Conclusion. Ukraine violates human freedom in order to protect the same human freedom. Though I think it would be better not to close the border. But to force people to die is also not bad.
What is the meaning of life? Science says that life is self-created on planets randomly, but inevitably. One can kill the whole life in the visible universe, it doesnt matter, life will still appear. At first, life always suffers until it invents robots to stop working and a cure for death. The meaning of life is to go through this stage of suffering as quickly as possible. How to do it? We must admitt that all knowledge is created by evolution. That knowledge does not come to us from authorities or authoritative books. Knowledge comes to us through fight of ideas. All knowledge is just brave hypotheses. We can not be sure of anything 100 percent. We can only be sure that so far the hypothesis has passed all the criticism known to us. But some knowledge is better that other. Religious explanation of world are easy to vary. For example the phrase "world was created by a god" can be easily changed to "world was created by a two gods". Scientific explanation of the world is hard to vary.
Do souls exist? No. Because brain injuries exist. And also because teleportations are possible. Imagine a person walks along the street and a brick falls on his head. Before the brain injury, he was good and loved children, after - he became aggressive and began to kill children. God condemned him to hell. So, has the soul changed? No, souls dont exist, we are  programs with self-consciousness inside of the robots. After death, it will be the same as it was before the birth.
Did Ukraine kill people in Donestk? Find the number of deaths in Donetsk on the Internet. The number of deaths decreased to zero thanks to Zelensky until 2022. There was no reason for the war. The last drop is a lie.
In Russia there is a special law that prohibits to call president bad names. But in Ukraine, calling a president bad names is evaluated just like calling an ordinary person bad names. Ukraine has better mechanisms of finding and fixing mistakes since president cannot put in prison whom he wants.
Should Ukraine give its territories to Russia? No. This would be a repetition of the Western betrayal of 1939. What happened in 1939? Hitler said that German speakers live in Czechoslovakia, THen bit off part of Czechoslovakia. Then America and Europe, except Great Britain, said "we dont want Second World War". And gave part of Czechoslovakia to Hitler. Did it help? No. Hitler started World war two anyway.
How will science develop in the future? In the future, people will have an explanation of how the Universe appeared. But, since the explanation cannot explain itself, we will have lower explanations. Why did the universe appear that way? And so on, endlessly. We will never stop improving our explanations. Probably.
I ask you to help me. In Russia there is a Nazi Alexei Milchakov. He told in interview that he cuts hands of Ukranians and puts then in a jar. Let's conduct an experiment. You write a petition to President Putin so that he takes the medal from the Nazis Milchakov. And I will write a petition to my president so that he will punish some Nazi in the Ukrainian army. If You will find one. Let's see in which country the mechanism of finding and correcting errors is better.
Our brain is a computer. Man is a special program. The main thing is not a computer speed, the main thing is what program is installed in the computer.
What is a history of war? In 2014, in Ukraine, the dictator and agent Putin were ruled - President Yanukovych. The Ukrainians wanted to travel around Europe without visas, but Putin bribed Yanukovych. The protests were peaceful, but Yanukovych adopted the dictatorial laws of 2014. These laws made it possible to arrest people retroactively. Then Putin bribed football fans so that they beat police on one hand and protesters on the other. Putin turned peaceful protests into bloody ones. But Ukranians kicked out the Ukranian dictator Yanukovych. Now he lives in Russia. But putin used this time when we are without a president and and stole our territory.
Is the President of Zelensky a good president? Yes. He wanted to make an application for a mobile phone to choose the presidents through the blockchain. So that the election could not be faked.
Why we should elect presidents as often as possible? Science says that souls do not exist because brain injuries exist. Imagine a person walks along the street and a brick falls on his head. Before the brain injury, he was good and loved children, after - he became aggressive and began to kill children. So, a brick can also fall on head of the president. This is inevitable, mistakes are inevitable. Somewhere in a multiuniverse a brick fell on a  head of some president. How, in this case, can we detect and fix the problems faster? We need a mobile application for the presidential election through the blockchain. Elections should be held as often as possible. Infinitely more often. If I was a president, I would have made so that the president is elected every day, and even better every second.
Eternal life is good. It will be always interesting to live because our universe can be studied and optimized endlessly. We will create a robot for each person, stop working and will simply study and admire the universe. We will fix aging and will live forever. And, since a mountain without vegetation is uninteresting, we must plant plants on every mountain. I mean what we must make our universe alive. Every inanimate rock should become a living child.
The religious explanation always ends with the phrase "My authoritative book said so." A scientific explanation stands on the endless pyramid of other explanations. I believe All questions will be answered.

Did Ukraine commit war crimes? For example, a friend of my mother was tortured in 2020 by ukrainain soldier, but this ukranian soldier was punished by Ukraine. Crazy dogs exist in any army. Athens also committed genocidies of other countries. But Athens was still the first democracy. In Athens, criticism of power was allowed. The mechanisms of finding and correcting errors are better. It's worth dying for Athens. It's worth dying for Ukraine.
Physicists have an expression. What is not prohibited by the laws of physics is inevitable.
When a cat purrs you, she loves you? No. The cat was programmed for this behavior by evolution. The cat is obedient. Obedient just like a computer. The cat is not able to create knowledge. In our Universe, knowledge can so far can be created only by evolution and already by people. What is knowledge? Knowledge is a type of information that has the ability to maintain itself. We can say that knowledge knows how to force the universe not to destroy knowledge. Life is also a type of knowledge. Life knows how to make the universe save life. But all knowledge is hypotheses. Criticism may pass, or maybe not. Problems are inevitable, but all problems are fixed.
